Never have I ever broken a bone.
Never have I ever Googled myself.
Never have I ever traveled solo.
Never have I ever seen a ghost.
Never have I ever toilet-papered someone's house.
Never have I ever laughed so hard I spit out my drink.
Never have I ever pretended to be on the phone.
Never have I ever met a celebrity.
Never have I ever sleepwalked.
Never have I ever read an entire book in a day.
Never have I ever gone to a party I wasn’t invited to.
Never have I ever stayed up all night.
Never have I ever swam naked.
Never have I ever gone on a blind date.
Never have I ever been hungover.
Never have I ever kissed my best friend.
Never have I ever ghosted someone.
Never have I ever gotten a speeding ticket.
Never have I ever dined and dashed.
Never have I ever used a fake ID.
Never have I ever had a crush on a teacher.
Never have I ever been in love.
Never have I ever made out in a public place.
Never have I ever gotten into a physical fight.
Never have I ever had an alcoholic drink.
Never have I ever played spin the bottle.
Never have I ever snooped through someone's phone.
Never have I ever snuck into a movie theater.
Never have I ever kissed a friend's ex.
Never have I ever told someone "I love you" without meaning it.
Never have I ever been called a player.
Never have I ever smoked a cigarette.
Never have I ever given a lap dance.
Never have I ever gotten a lap dance.
Never have I ever cheated on a test.
Never have I ever cheated on someone.
Never have I ever been cheated on.
Never have I ever sent a improper/suggestive text to the wrong person.
Never have I ever had a negative bank account balance.
Never have I ever been arrested.
Never have I ever been expelled.
Never have I ever stolen anything.
Never have I ever been fired.
Never have I ever made out in a movie theater.
Never have I ever broken the law.
Never have I ever been to a nude beach.
Never have I didn't show up from a date.
Never have I ever stayed in a relationship that I really wasn’t feeling.
Never have I ever given someone a fake phone number.
Never have I ever lied to someone in this room.
Never have I ever broken up with someone over text.
Never have I ever had a crush on an SO’s best friend.
Never have I ever shoplifted.
Never have I ever seen a ghost.
Never have I told a secret I wasn’t supposed to share.
Never have I ever had a friend with benefits.
Never have I ever intentionally started a fight between other people.
Never have I ever dated more than one person at once.
ever have I ever spent money that wasn’t mine to spend.
Never have I ever had a relationship last less than a month.
Never have I ever had a relationship last longer than a year.
Never have I ever gotten an unexpected piercing.
Never have I ever found a dumb excuse to text an ex.
Never have I ever fallen in love at first sight.
Never have I ever kissed someone I just met.
Never have I ever been in love with someone without them knowing.
Never have I ever fantasized about getting back with an ex.
Never have I ever helped a friend lie by being their alibi.
Never have I ever seriously thought about marrying someone.
Never have I ever had a totally online relationship.
Never have I ever flirted just to get something I wanted.
Never have I ever tried guessing someone’s password.
Never have I ever been caught lying.
Never have I ever impersonate someone.
Never have I ever peed in the shower.
Never have I ever peed in a pool.
Never have I ever eaten a carton of ice cream.
Never have I ever cheated in a board game.
Never have I ever cheated in a card game.
Never have I ever screamed during a scary movie.
Never have I ever laughed so hard I spit out my drink.
Never have I ever been sent to the principal's office.
Never have I ever clogged a toilet.
Never have I ever toilet-papered someone's house.
Never have I ever worn something I took out of my dirty laundry.
Never have I ever vomited after a roller coaster ride.
Never have I ever watched an entire television series in a day.
Never have I ever said “I love you” to someone by accident.
Never have I ever walked in on my parents having sex.
Never have I ever lied while playing this game.
Never have I ever Googled myself.
Never have I ever had a dirty dream about a super unexpected person.
Never have I ever been accused of sharing too much on social media.
Never have I ever created a fake social media account.
Never have I ever run out of gas while driving.
Never have I ever gone to a party I wasn’t invited to.
Never have I ever dated someone super annoying only because they’re cute.
Never have I ever lied on a first date.
Never have I ever used someone else's toothbrush.
Never have I ever pretended to be on the phone.
Never have I ever enjoyed a smell I’m supposed to find gross.
Never have I ever been on TV for an embarrassing reason.
Never have I ever gone several days without showering.
Never have I ever turned my underwear inside out so I don’t have to wash it.
Never have I ever lied about what I was doing on social media.
Never have I ever been told I snore loudly.
Never have I ever had a crush on a friend's sibling.
Never have I ever eaten a carton of ice cream.
Never have I ever gone commando (to not wear any underwear).
Never have I ever shaved my head.
Never have I ever gotten a tattoo.
Never have I ever broken a bone.
Never have I ever gotten heated during a family game night.
Never have I ever met a celebrity.
Never have I ever had a surprise party thrown for me.
Never have I ever traveled solo.
Never have I ever eaten whipped cream straight out of the can.
Never have I ever auditioned for a reality television show.
Never have I ever told my parents I was staying at a friend's house but was really somewhere else.
Never have I ever been to a psychic.
Never have I ever lived alone.
Never have I ever sang karaoke.
Never have I ever stayed overnight in the hospital.
Never have I ever deleted a post because it didn't get enough likes.
Never have I ever stayed up all night.
Never have I ever been on a cruise.
Never have I ever lost a bet.
Never have I ever gotten in a car accident.
Never have I ever pretended to be sick to get out of school.
Never have I ever beaten a video game.
Never have I ever cried at school.
Never have I ever talked to a family member about my sex life.
Never have I ever been to Mexico.
Never have I ever eaten caviar.
Never have I ever used someone else's Netflix password.
Never have I ever fallen asleep in class.
Never have I ever dyed my hair.
Never have I ever read an entire book in a day.
Never have I ever seen an alligator in real life.
Never have I ever re-gifted a gift.
Never have I ever sleepwalked.
Never have I ever been awake for 48 hours (or more) straight.
Never have I ever broken up with someone in a way I regret.
Never have I ever had a fight with a SO in public.
Never have I ever knowingly spread a rumor.
Never have I ever been somewhere I was sure was haunted.
Never have I ever cut my own hair.
Never have I ever lied to get out of plans with friends.
Never have I ever sent a cute morning text.
Never have I ever broken someone’s heart.
Never have I ever given a massage.
Never have I ever fallen out of love.
Never have I ever received a love letter.
Never have I ever used a pick-up line.
Never have I ever dated someone for their looks.
Never have I ever left someone on “read.”
Never have I ever regretted something.
Never have I ever wished I was famous.
Never have I ever helped a stranger.
Never have I ever gotten bored of a relationship.
Never have I ever broken a promise.
Never have I ever fallen in love with a fictional character.
Never have I ever felt nervous in front of someone in this room.
Never have I ever wanted to go skydiving.
Never have I ever had a crush on someone in this room.
Never have I ever lied to my best friend.
Never have I ever copied someone else’s homework.
Never have I ever secretly dated a friend’s ex.
Never have I ever kissed a friend.
Never have I ever lied to a friend to get out of a hangout.
Never have I ever stolen something from a friend’s house.
Never have I ever made up a rumor about a friend.
Never have I ever had a near-death experience.
Never have I ever punched someone.
Never have I ever had an epiphany.
Never have I ever been jealous of someone else’s success.
Never have I ever doubted science.
Never have I ever said I love you and not meant it.
Never have I ever sent a dirty text message.
Never have I ever kissed a stranger.
Never have I ever worn a thong.
Never have I ever watched porn.
Never have I ever played strip poker.
Never have I ever bought lingerie.
Never have I ever looked up an ex online.
Never have I ever used a fake ID.
Never have I ever received a dirty text.
Never have I ever sent an anonymous love letter.
Never have I ever tried naked yoga.
Never have I ever had a dream come true.
Never have I ever accomplished all of my new year’s eve goals.
Never have I ever committed a crime.
Never have I ever participated in a talent show.
Never have I ever walked in on someone in the bathroom.
Never have I ever gone on a group date.
Never have I ever walked into a glass door.
Never have I ever fallen asleep while on the phone with someone.
Never have I ever eaten something after dropping it on the ground.
Never have I ever been caught in a lie.
Never have I ever had Brazilian wax.
Never have I ever taken a piece of someone’s clothing.
Never have I ever faked interest in a conversation.
Never have I ever pretended to agree with someone to avoid an argument.
Never have I ever done something just to impress someone else.
Never have I ever given up something I love for another person.
Never have I ever kept a secret from a best friend.
Never have I ever been ashamed of a best friend.
Never have I ever hated someone in my family.
Never have I ever lied about being ok.
Never have I ever thought about a partner as a burden.
Never have I ever forgotten my best friend’s birthday.
Never have I ever signed up for a gym membership because of a crush.
Never have I ever asked someone to do something they really didn’t want to do.
Never have I ever stalked someone’s Instagram account.
Never have I ever ruined dinner on purpose.
Never have I ever called my boyfriend/girlfriend the wrong name.
Never have I ever serenaded someone.
Never have I ever written a love poem.
Never have I ever made a massive mess while babysitting and blamed it on the kids.
Never have I ever been embarrassed by a date.
Never have I ever thrown up on a date.
Never have I ever fallen out of a boat.
Never have I ever gone viral for something super embarrassing.
Never have I ever completely failed while telling a joke.
Never have I ever learned a new hobby just to impress someone.
Never have I ever sent back a dish at a restaurant.
Never have I ever missed a flight
Never have I ever drunk-dialed my ex
Never have I ever gotten lost alone in a foreign country
Never have I ever bribed someone
Never have I ever cheated on someone
Never have I ever sang karaoke
Never have I ever been on a yacht
Never have I ever been on TV
Never have I ever lied to law enforcement
Never have I ever won the lottery
Never have I ever had to go to court
Never have I ever been to a destination wedding
Never have I ever lied to a boss
Never have I ever crashed a wedding
Never have I ever trolled someone on social media
Never have I ever climbed out of a window
Never have I ever driven over a curb
Never have I ever laughed so hard I, um, peed my pants as an adult
Never have I ever got on the wrong train or bus
Never have I ever cursed in a place of worship
Never have I ever snooped through someone’s stuff
Never have I ever tried marijuana
Never have I ever gone on a road trip
Never have I ever ate an entire pizza by myself
Never have I ever saved a life
Never have I ever wanted to be on a reality TV show
Never have I ever started a fire
Never have I ever gotten stopped by airport security
Never have I ever gone viral online
Never have I ever left gum in a public space
Never have I ever slept outdoors for an entire night
Never have I ever made a speech in front of 100 people or more
Never have I ever lied to my best friend about who I was with
Never have I ever been to a Disney park
Never have I ever had a threesome
Never have I ever left someone on read
Never have I ever fallen asleep during sex
Never have I ever lied about my age
Never have I ever made up a story about someone who wasn’t real
Never have I ever participated in a protest
Never have I ever had sleep paralysis
Never have I ever pulled an all-nighter
Never have I ever role-played
Never have I ever regretted an apology
Never have I ever pretended I was sick for attention
Never have I ever disliked something that I cooked
Never have I ever spent more than $100 on a top
Never have I ever thrown a drink at someone
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear
Never have I ever traveled to Europe
Never have I ever attempted a trendy diet
Never have I ever gone to a strip club
Never have I ever tried psychedelics
Never have I ever been on a sports team
Never have I ever maxed out a credit card
Never have I ever been blackout drunk
Never have I ever been engaged
Never have I ever gotten married
Never have I ever donated to a charity
Never have I ever had sex on a beach
Never have I ever faked sick from work.
Never have I ever eaten someone else's lunch from the office fridge.
Never have I ever smoked a joint.
Never have I ever fallen asleep at work.
Never have I ever lied on my resume.
Never have I ever read a partner's text messages.
Never have I ever read a partner's emails.
Never have I ever been hospitalized for something other than giving birth or being born.
Never have I ever sang in public.
Never have I ever played a musical instrument.
Never have I ever gone skiing.
Never have I ever learned a foreign language.
Never have I ever sent a stranger a drink.
Never have I ever accepted a drink from a stranger.
Never have I ever lied about my income.
Never have I ever dated or hooked up with someone 10 years older.
Never have I ever dated or hooked up with someone 5 years younger.
Never have I ever texted or taken a call at the movies.
Never have I ever convinced a friend to dump a partner.
Never have I ever convinced a partner to dump a friend.
Never have I ever been someone else's alibi.
Never have I ever snitched on someone else at work.
Never have I ever donated an organ.
Never have I ever lied to a law enforcement officer.
Never have I ever been a maid of honor.
Never have I ever been a best man.
Never have I ever called a partner the wrong name.
Never have I ever thought a friend's baby was ugly.
Never have I ever won more than $50 gambling.
Never have I ever lost more than $50 gambling.
Never have I ever gone vegan.
Never have I ever lied about my age.
Never have I ever had a lucid dream.
Never have I ever campaigned for a political candidate.
Never have I ever had chicken pox.
Never have I ever flashed someone.
Never have I ever mooned someone.
Never have I ever cut in line on purpose.
Never have I ever held a grudge longer than a year.
Never have I ever blabbed something I swore to secrecy.
Never have I ever ruined someone else's vacation.
Never have I ever chipped a tooth.
Never have I ever tried a fad diet.
Never have I ever cut my own hair.
Never have I ever cried or flirted my way out of a ticket.
Never have I ever snooped through a friend's room, cabinets or property.
Never have I ever worked with someone I couldn't stand.
Never have I ever had a friend with benefits.
Never have I ever eaten food that broke the five-second rule.
Never have I ever spent an entire day watching reality TV.
Never have I ever sent nudes.
Never have I ever received nudes.
Never have I ever blamed a fart on a pet.
Never have I ever thought a cartoon character was hot.
Never have I ever Googled someone before a date.
Never have I ever re-gifted something.
Never have I ever crashed a party or wedding.
Never have I ever dated a musician.
Never have I ever been on a blind date.
Never have I ever gotten a bedroom-related injury.
Never have I ever tried moonshine.
Never have I ever seen someone die.
Never have I ever had a wardrobe malfunction.
Never have I ever run for my life.
Never have I ever been in a talent show.
Never have I ever gotten stitches.
Never have I ever tried to make an ex jealous.
Never have I ever driven a stick shift.
Never have I ever set something on fire while cooking.
Never have I ever set a friend up on a date.
Never have I ever started a hashtag.
Never have I ever paid for adult content.
Never have I ever been scuba diving.
Never have I ever hooked up with someone of the same sex or gender.
Never have I ever done a "drive-by" of an ex or crush's house.
Never have I ever danced in the rain.
Never have I ever danced on a table.
Never have I ever joined the mile-high club.
Never have I ever slept in my car.
Never have I ever been on TV.
Never have I ever had frostbite.
Never have I ever had a blistering sunburn.
Never have I ever gotten sick on a date.
Never have I ever had food poisoning.
Never have I ever purposely given someone bad advice.
Never have I ever heckled a live performance.
Never have I ever had surgery.
Never have I ever hit a parked car.
Never have I ever thrown someone else a surprise party.
Never have I ever had a surprise party thrown for me.
Never have I ever adjusted myself in public.
Never have I ever gone commando.
Never have I ever worn a wig or extensions.
Never have I ever dressed in drag.
Never have I ever been dumpster diving.
Never have I ever broken a bone.
Never have I ever returned something after I wore it.
Never have I ever peed my pants as an adult.
Never have I ever slid into a stranger's DMs.
Never have I ever slid into an ex's DMs.
Never have I ever been in a helicopter.
Never have I ever lost my shoes during a night out.
Never have I ever parked in a handicap spot.
Never have I ever flirted with a married person.
Never have I ever second-guessed a relationship.
Never have I ever had braces.
Never have I ever had a cavity.
Never have I ever hitchhiked.
Never have I ever picked up a hitchhiker.
Never have I ever changed a tire.
Never have I ever lied about my relationship status.
Never have I ever lied on a dating profile.
Never have I ever gotten seasick.
Never have I ever had a broken heart.
Never have I ever sneezed on a stranger.
Never have I ever thrown up in public.
Never have I ever wished I had kids.
Never have I ever wished I didn't have kids.
Never have I ever seen something creepy while using public transportation.
Never have I ever sexted an ex.
Never have I ever gotten gum in my hair.
Never have I ever walked in on my parents.
Never have I ever eaten an entire pack of Oreos in one sitting.
Never have I ever drank an entire bottle of wine.
Never have I ever witnessed a crime.
Never have I ever ridden a horse.
Never have I ever been camping.
Never have I ever donated blood.
Never have I ever gotten in a physical fight.
Never have I ever lurked my partner's ex on social media.
Never have I ever snuck into a movie.
Never have I ever filmed an intimate moment.
Never have I ever fired a gun.
Never have I ever dropped a baby.
Never have I ever lied about who I voted for.
Never have I ever shared a news story without reading past the headline.
Never have I ever flirted with a waiter or bartender.
Never have I ever waited tables.
Never have I ever worked retail.
Never have I ever been blackout drunk.
Never have I ever run a red light.
Never have I ever been the subject of a rumor that wasn't true.
Never have I ever spread a rumor I knew wasn't true.
Never have I ever met a celebrity.
Never have I ever tipped less than 10 percent.
Never have I ever tipped more than 50 percent.
Never have I ever cried at a party.
Never have I ever cried at work.
Never have I ever cried in public.
Never have I ever used a gas station bathroom.
Never have I ever gotten into a fender bender.
Never have I ever gone to work hungover.
Never have I ever cursed in front of an in-law.
Never have I ever cursed at an in-law.
Never have I ever worn white to a wedding.
Never have I ever performed onstage.
Never have I ever laughed at a funeral.
Never have I ever given someone a fake phone number.
Never have I ever left a mean YouTube comment.
Never have I ever trolled a stranger online.
Never have I ever been in a police car.
Never have I ever danced on a pole.
Never have I ever watched a NASCAR race.
Never have I ever been to a pro wrestling match.
Never have I ever been to an MLB  game.
Never have I ever been to an NBA or WNBA game.
Never have I ever been to an NFL game.
Never have I ever been to an NHL game.
Never have I ever gone surfing.
Never have I ever been on a cruise.
Never have I ever tried bodybuilding.
Never have I ever tried CrossFit.
Never have I ever visited a nude beach.
Never have I ever cursed in front of a child.
Never have I ever called the cops on someone else.
Never have I ever shoplifted.
Never have I ever gone bungee jumping.
Never have I ever left a negative Yelp review.
Never have I ever went more than a day without brushing my teeth.
Never have I ever read someone else's mail.
Never have I ever ghosted someone.
Never have I ever been ghosted.
Never have I ever blamed someone else for my mistake at work.
Never have I ever taken credit for someone else's work.
Never have I ever hooked up with a friend's sibling.
Never have I ever hooked up with a sibling's friend.
Never have I ever hooked up with a friend's ex.
Never have I ever hooked up with an ex's friend.
Never have I ever had a black eye.
Never have I ever lost my voice.
Never have I ever given a eulogy.
Never have I ever stolen something from my workplace.
Never have I ever stage dived.
Never have I ever been backstage at a concert.
Never have I ever been arrested.
Never have I ever been someone's one phone call from jail.
Never have I ever lied to my kids.
Never have I ever lied to my parents.
Never have I ever gone more than 20 mph over the speed limit.
Never have I ever had a paranormal experience.
Never have I ever gone skydiving.
Never have I ever spent a night in jail.
Never have I ever lurked my ex on social media.
Never have I ever lied on social media.
Never have I ever eaten a ghost pepper.
Never have I ever auditioned for a reality show.
Never have I ever kissed a stranger.
Never have I ever prank-called someone.
Never have I ever picked my nose.
Never have I ever skied down a mountain.
Never have I ever been in the ocean.
Never have I ever sleepwalked.
Never have I ever seen a shooting star.
Never have I ever forgotten to do my homework.
Never have I ever ridden in a tractor.
Never have I ever had hair longer than my shoulders.
Never have I ever ridden a roller coaster.
Never have I ever run into a glass door.
Never have I ever blamed my brother or sister for something I did.
Never have I ever fallen asleep in class.
Never have I ever touched a slug.
Never have I ever not washed my hands after going to the bathroom.
Never have I ever spent all day playing video games.
Never have I ever screamed because I saw a spider.
Never have I ever worn pajamas to school.
Never have I ever pretended I was sick when I really wasn’t.
Never have I ever cried during a movie.
Never have I ever stalked my crush’s social media.
Never have I ever recorded a video of myself singing.
Never have I ever dyed my hair.
Never have I ever skipped school.
Never have I ever been in a car accident.
Never have I ever broken a phone.
Never have I ever blocked someone on social media.
Never have I ever met someone famous.
Never have I ever been stuck in an elevator.
Never have I ever gone to a dance.
Never have I ever had a crush on someone in another grade.
Never have I ever failed a test.
Never have I ever asked someone to delete a photo because I looked bad.
Never have I ever done a TikTok dance.
Never have I ever played Fortnite.
Never have I ever run a marathon.
Never have I ever ghosted someone after a date.
Never have I ever lied to my doctor.
Never have I ever been in a physical fight.
Never have I ever jumped into a pool with clothes on.
Never have I ever hit a parked car.
Never have I ever been on TV.
Never have I ever been fired from a job.
Never have I ever saved someone’s life.
Never have I ever lied about my age.
Never have I ever given a speech to more than 100 people.
Never have I ever stood up a date.
Never have I ever maxed out a credit card.
Never have I ever vacationed at an all-inclusive resort.
Never have I ever quit a job and walked out on the spot.
Never have I ever gotten a sunburn.
Never have I ever peed in the shower.
Never have I ever seen Star Wars.
Never have I ever eaten snails.
Never have I ever been to a casino.
Never have I ever been stung by a bee.
Never have I ever gone snowboarding.
Never have I ever fainted.
Never have I ever ridden a motorcycle.
Never have I ever asked someone to marry me.
Never have I ever called someone the wrong name on a date.
Never have I ever wished I were dating someone else while with a partner.
Never have I ever been engaged.
Never have I ever lied to avoid hanging out with a partner's friends or family.
Never have I ever told a lie to impress someone I was on a date with.
Never have I ever been in an open relationship.
Never have I ever kissed someone on the first date.
Never have I ever snooped through a partner's things.
Never have I ever had a one-night stand.
Never have I ever kissed more than one person in the same 24 hours.
Never have I ever broken up with someone.
Never have I ever had a crush on someone I worked with.
Never have I ever eaten something bad that a significant other cooked because I didn't want to hurt their feelings.
Never have I ever worn the same pair of underwear for two days in a row.
Never have I ever farted and blamed it on someone else.
Never have I ever screamed during a scary movie.
Never have I ever accidentally said “I love you” to a teacher or boss.
Never have I ever pretended to be on the phone to avoid a situation or person
Never have I ever cried at a kids' movie.
Never have I ever pretended to look busy when my boss was paying attention.
Never have I never secretly enjoyed a smell that other people find gross.
Never have I ever wished I were on a reality TV show.
Never have I ever had a crush on a fictional character.
Never have I ever lied to someone about their outfit looking good.
Never have I ever cried because of a commercial.
Never have I ever made out in a cinema.
Never have I ever spent money that wasn’t mine to spend.
Never have I ever seriously thought about marrying someone.
Never have I ever eaten a tub of ice cream.
Never have I ever been sent to the head teacher's office.
Never have I ever been accused of sharing too much on social media.
Never have I ever run out of petrol while driving.
Never have I ever lied on a first date.
Never have I ever been to a hen party or stag party.
Never have I ever eaten caviar.
Never have I ever wished I was famous.
Never have I ever broken a promise.
Never Have I Ever Skipped Class
Never Have I Ever Eaten Toothpaste
Never Have I Ever Worn Crocs.
Never Have I Ever Slept Naked.
Never have I ever wished I had a different life.
Never have I ever spent the whole day in my pajamas.
Never have I ever gambled.
Never have I ever had sex in a car or public place.
Never have I ever ignored the expiration date on a food label.
Never have I ever flirted with a bartender or barista.
Never have I ever left a negative review.
Never have I ever had a summer fling.
Never have I ever had a bad allergic reaction.
Never have I ever worn glasses with fake lenses.
Never have I ever set something on fire while cooking.
Never have I ever had a holiday romance.
Never have I ever spied on my neighbors.
Never have I ever been lost in the woods at night.
Never have I ever been nude in public.
Never have I ever slept in my car.
Never have I ever doubted my sexuality
Never have I ever taken the wrong person’s hand
Never have I ever been turned down
Never have I ever told someone I loved them when I didn’t
Never have I ever worried about my partner when they are out
Never have I ever emotionally cheated on my partner
Never have I ever talked badly about my partner to my friends
Never have I ever chosen my friends over my partner
Never have I ever lied about my feelings to a boyfriend or girlfriend
Never have I ever drunk drove
Never have I ever invested stock
Never have I ever drove without a seatbelt
Nver have I ever drunk a whole bottle of spirits
Never have I ever wanted kids
Never have I ever failed to turn up to a family party
Never have I ever not shown up to Christmas
Never have I ever put my family over my partner
Never have I ever wanted a big family
Never have I ever Lied to my parents about where I’m going
Never have I ever snuck out at night
Never have I ever said I’m full just to leave the table
Never have I ever stole something from my siblings… permanently
Never have I ever been cool at school
Never have I ever bullied someone
Never have I ever wagged school
Never have I ever said the dog ate my homework
Never have I ever been top of a class
Never have I ever stuck gum under a desk
Never have I ever taken part in a musical
Never have I ever spied on my neighbours
Never have I ever gone on instagram live while drunk
Never have I ever watched the Real Housewives
Never have I ever gotten into the wrong car
Never have I ever been kicked out of a bar
Never have I ever ate food that fell on the floor
Never have I ever had a fist fight
Never have I ever fell asleep in the cinema
Never have I ever forgotten my partners birthday
Never have I ever thought the person I was dating wasn’t attractive
Never have I ever said something I shouldn’t
Never have I ever gone on a double date
Never have I ever danced in the rain
Never have I ever pooped my pants
Never have I ever missed my flight
Never have I ever partied until the sun came out
Never have I ever been to church
Never have I ever worked outdoors
Never have I ever cried while watching a movie
Never have I ever been chased by an animal
Never have I ever fallen from a tree
Never have I ever worn my shirt inside out
Never have I ever had pizza for dinner
Never have I ever gone swimming in winter
Never have I ever believed in a higher being
Never have I ever believed in aliens
Never have I ever been victim to an online scam
Never have I ever been in a food eating competition
Never have I ever sang in the shower
Never have I ever been hated by my partner’s parents.
Never have I ever talked to a stranger about life or the meaning of existence.
Never have I ever told a massive lie to someone I’m dating.
Never have I ever stayed with someone because I felt terrible for them.
Never have I ever been in a serious relationship with someone of another race or ethnicity.
Never have I ever traveled over 1,000 miles to see someone on a whim.
Never have I ever had sex with a stranger.
Never have I ever been in a serious relationship with someone with opposing politics.
Never have I ever dated two siblings at different times.
Never have I ever dated a second or third cousin.
Never have I ever had a secret lover.
Never have I ever been married.
Never have I ever dated someone only for their professional connections.
Never have I ever used Tinder / Grindr for a hookup.
Never have I ever dated someone I regretted dating.
Never have I ever dated a criminal.
Never have I ever pledged a fraternity or secret society.
Never have I ever watched “Scarface” fewer than five times.
Never have I ever gotten someone pregnant.
Never have I ever cried when someone dumped me.
Never have I ever taken a “pick-up” class or other “manosphere” course.
Never have I ever secretly recorded intimate moments.
Never have I ever ghosted someone after sleeping with them.
Never have I ever set out on a long-haul train journey.
Never have I ever sent a handwritten love letter/an anonymous love confession letter.
Never have I ever slept with one of my friend’s partners.
Never have I ever made a sex tape.
Never have I ever had an Only Fans page.
Never have I ever dated someone only for their money.
Never have I ever pretended to be dumber than I am so as not to embarrass a potential partner.
Never have I ever purposefully dated someone who was not as bright as me.
Never have I ever lied and told someone I had a kid to get rid of them.
Never have I ever bought a sex toy.
Never have I ever given someone the wrong phone number.
Never have I ever been with someone who was 15 years or more younger than me.
Never have I ever slept with two people in one night.
Never have I ever kissed in the rain.
Never have I ever kissed a teacher, professor, or boss.
Never have I ever kissed someone in a church, mosque, temple, synagogue, covenstead, or other religious building.
Never have I ever knowingly had bad breath when I kissed someone.
Never have I ever told someone they were a terrible kisser.
Never have I ever kissed a doll or pillow to practice.
Never have I ever kissed more than ten people.
Never have I ever french kissed someone of the same gender.
Never have I ever massaged someone.
Never have I ever said my partner’s cooking was terrible.
Never have I ever said no to picking up the kids from school.
Never have I ever thought of my partner as arrogant.
Never have I ever said no to cleaning the baby’s diaper.
Never have I fallen asleep on my partner while watching TV.
Never have I ever texted someone just to tell them how much I miss them.
Never have I ever shared a slow dance under the stars with my significant other.
Never have I ever tried to match the color of my clothes with my partner’s.
Never have I ever said, “I am on my way” when I was still at work.
Never have I ever done community service.
Never have I ever been gifted jewelry.
Never have I ever fed someone with a spoon.
Never have I ever sent someone a cute morning text message.
Never have I ever sat by a fire in a forest.
Never have I ever gifted someone a bouquet.
Never have I ever spent a night with someone on the beach.
Never have I ever been on a long drive with someone of the opposite gender.
Never have I ever kissed in a theater.
Never have I ever had a romantic candlelit dinner.
Never have I ever dated someone just to make someone else jealous.
Never have I ever lied to you about how you looked.
Never have I ever wanted to change something about my partner.
Never have I ever smelled my partner’s clothes.
Never have I been on a spontaneous getaway with my partner.
Never have I ever been surprised by a partner with a romantic gesture.
Never have I ever watched the sunrise or sunset with my partner.
Never have I ever cooked a special meal for my partner.
Never have I ever said ‘I love you’ in another language to my partner.
Never have I ever planned a surprise date for my partner.
Never have I ever written a romantic poem for my partner.
Never have I ever watched a romantic movie with my partner.
Never have I ever tried to recreate our first date with my partner.
Never have I ever danced with my partner in the rain.
Never have I ever surprised my partner at their workplace.
Never have I ever made my partner breakfast in bed.
Never have I ever had a destination wedding.
Never have I ever fallen in love.
Never have I ever fallen in love at first sight.
Never have I ever flirted in public.
Never have I ever gotten bored in a relationship.
Never have I ever felt nervous and giddy in front of someone in this room.
Never have I ever embarrassed myself in front of my partner.
Never have I ever handmade a gift for someone.
Never have I ever been the school leader.
Never have I ever performed a solo dance in front of a huge crowd.
Never have I ever been to a live concert.
Never have I ever stuck gum under a chair.
Never have I ever been caught cheating on a test.
Never have I Netflixed for a whole week straight.
Never have I ever fired a gun.
Never have I ever rode an elephant.
Never have I ever gotten a tattoo.
Never have I ever crashed a party or wedding.
Never have I ever believed in a conspiracy theory.
Never have I ever seen a cheetah.
Never have I ever fought in a bar.
Never have I ever moonwalked.
Never have I ever accidentally said “I love you” to someone.
Never have I ever watched any Game of Thrones episode
Never have I ever borrowed anything from my next-door neighbors.
Never have I ever won a lottery.
Never have I ever shaved my legs.
Never have I ever been to jail.
Never have I ever participated in a protest.
Never have I ever been in a band.
Never have I ever read a romance novel.
Never have I ever had a paranormal experience.
Never have I ever received a love letter from a secret admirer.
Never have I ever stayed up all night talking to someone.
Never have I ever got rejected.
Never have I ever owned a pet.
Never have I ever regretted a tattoo.
Never have I ever gotten lost in a foreign country.
Never have I ever ignored someone I knew in public.
Never have I ever sang in front of an audience.
Never have I ever caused a kitchen disaster while cooking.
Never have I ever told someone else’s secrets.
Never have I ever gotten mistaken for a celebrity.
Never have I ever pretended to be someone famous.
Never have I ever forgotten my passport at home.
Never have I ever accepted a drink from a stranger.
Never have I ever sent a hot guy at the bar a drink.
Never have I ever been in a fight.
Never have I ever been caught smoking cigarettes
Never have I ever practiced my dance moves in front of the mirror.
Never have I ever had an imaginary friend.
Never have I ever slept through my alarm for a whole day.
Never have I ever quit my job.
Never have I ever kept my plants alive for more than a year.
Never have I ever faked ‘network issues’ to get out work when working remotely.
Never have I ever ordered pizza past midnight.
Never have I ever made my sibling cry on purpose.
Never have I ever been to Disneyland.
Never have I ever rummaged through my parents’ alcohol cabinet.
Never have I ever stolen money from my parents’ wallet.
Never have I ever stolen my siblings’ clothes.
Never have I ever spat out food when no one was looking.
Never have I ever gotten into a physical altercation with my sibling.
Never have I ever partied till the break of dawn.
Never have I ever taken a dance class.
Never have I ever tried out a new recipe.
Never have I ever made up a story to impress someone.
Never have I ever gone on a date in my pajamas.
Never have I ever used deodorant before a bath.
Never have I ever hid the remote control.
Never have I ever snored while sleeping.
Never have I ever screamed while watching a horror movie.
Never have I ever made a romantic gesture that ended up being a complete disaster.
Never have I ever waved to someone who wasn’t waving at me.
Never have I ever made a prank call.
Never have I ever hidden food from my guests.
Never have I ever had pizza for three consecutive meals.
Never have I ever listened to Kanye West.
Never have I ever been caught singing in the shower by my partner.
Never have I ever accidentally walked in on my significant other doing something embarrassing.
Never have I ever walked into the wrong restroom.
Never have I ever walked into a room and forgotten why I was there.
Never have I ever eaten something off the floor because the five-second rule totally applies.
Never have I ever worn mismatched socks on purpose.
Never have I ever had an embarrassing autocorrect fail in a text conversation.
Never have I ever tripped and fallen in public.
Never have I ever used my partner’s toothbrush by accident.
Never have I ever fallen asleep in the theater.
Never have I ever forgotten to take my wallet and ended up washing the restaurant’s dishes.
Never have I ever cut my own hair
Never have I ever gotten locked out of my house.
Never have I ever dropped my phone in the toilet.
Never have I ever forgotten where I parked my car.
Never have I ever laughed so hard I peed myself.
Never have I ever lost my keys when they were in my hand.
Never have I ever lost my sunglasses when they were on my head.
Never have I ever fallen on my face.
Never have I ever said something embarrassing to a friend when they were on speakerphone.
Never have I ever got caught complaining about someone while the person was listening.
Never have I ever been embarrassed by a hundred people not laughing at my joke.
Never have I ever worn my pajamas to school.
Never have I ever dated a coworker.
Never have I ever shared intimate pictures.
Never have I ever stolen my partner’s coins.
Never have I ever eavesdropped on my partner.
Never have I ever used Tinder.
Never have I ever had a crush on my friend’s partner.
Never have I ever drunk-dialed someone.
Never have I ever tried speed dating.
Never have I ever lied on the first date.
Never have I ever had a casual romantic encounter.
Never have I ever flirted with a nurse.
Never have I ever whispered gently in someone’s ear.
Never have I ever blocked someone on social media.
Never have I ever fallen while wearing heels.
Never have I ever lied about why I didn’t call someone back.
Never have I ever regretted dating someone.
Never have I ever chatted with someone all night long.
Never have I ever watched 50 Shades of Grey.
Never have I ever forgotten an anniversary or important date.
Never have I ever lied to avoid an argument with my partner.
Never have I ever snooped through my partner’s phone.
Never have I ever kept a secret from my partner.
Never have I ever flirted with someone else while being in a relationship.
Never have I ever had a crush on someone while in a relationship.
Never have I ever fantasized about being with someone else.
Never have I ever peed in the shower.
Never have I ever been jealous of an ex.
Never have I ever accidentally set my house on fire.
Never have I ever eaten pet food.
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear.
Never have I ever eaten leftover food from another table at a restaurant.
Never have I ever lied about my job to impress someone.
Never have I ever been picked up by someone attractive at the club.
Never have I ever lied about my age.
Never have I ever been in a toxic relationship.
Never have I ever been in a relationship only for the physical aspect.
Never have I ever done something wild and crazy for love.
Never have I ever been on a disastrous date.
Never have I ever been in a relationship where we had nothing in common.
Never have I ever been serenaded or sang a serenade.
Never have I ever met a partner's parents within a month of dating.
Never have I ever given a massage to a partner.
Never have I ever received a love letter.
Never have I ever gone on a date just to make someone else jealous.
Never have I ever used a cheesy pickup line.
Never have I ever been to therapy.
Never have I ever brought a partner to a work event.
Never have I ever made a partner watch a movie or show that I love.
Never have I ever used a dating coach.
Never have I ever been set up by friends.
Never have I ever been in a relationship where I felt ignored.
Never have I ever been in a relationship for more than 5 years.
Never have I ever dated someone with children.
Never have I ever played matchmaker for friends.
Never have I ever had a partner dislike my friends.
Never have I ever had a breakup in public.
Never have I ever been caught cheating.
